when I tell people what I do
there's a sort of complete
silence till they process what
does that mean and how could
somebody actually have a job
like that in the metal detector
i'm david burns and I'm a
shipwreck under
in terms of the significance of
this site is that it's the
earliest pre-colonial ship ever
discovered
everybody is driving nearly four
times a day so it's well over a
thousand hours underwater
in my career I think the number
is about twenty five major ship
breaks that i have found
you're just dying to get to work
because you know there's going
to be a new discovery almost
every day
it's just fun
you start bringing in experts
who can look at these findings
without putting them together
archaeology is not about
individual find about
determining what life was on
board trading patterns the
people that think that
better question go
find the biggest turn on this
whole thing is really bringing
that history for like breathing
new air into stuff that is just
on the pages of papers and in
archives and libraries
we're going into some marine
right now because it allows us
to go deeper to an area that's
never been explored before off
and plastic
table
yeah